Updated libc and doc for Vita target (#116518)
rust-lang/rust: src/doc/rustc/src/platform-support/armv7-sony-vita-newlibeabihf.md

`alloc`, and `panic_abort`.

`std` is partially supported, but mostly works. Some APIs are unimplemented
and will simply return an error, such as `std::process`.

This target generates binaries in the ELF format with thumb ISA by default.

Binaries are linked with `arm-vita-eabi-gcc` provided by VITASDK toolchain.

## Building the target

> Rust does not ship pre-compiled artifacts for this target. You can use `build-std` flag to build elf binaries with `std`:

Reviewer: ```suggestion
Rust does not ship pre-compiled artifacts for this target. You can use `build-std` flag to build ELF binaries with `std`:
```

```sh
cargo build -Z build-std=std,panic_abort --target=armv7-sony-vita-newlibeabihf --release
```

## Building Rust programs

The recommended way to build artifacts that can be installed and run on PlayStation Vita is by using the [cargo-vita](https://github.com/vita-rust/cargo-vita) tool. This tool uses `build-std` and VITASDK toolchain to build artifacts runnable on Vita.

To install the tool run:

```sh
cargo install cargo-vita
```

> [VITASDK](https://vitasdk.org/) toolchain must be installed, and `VITASDK` environment variable must be set to it's location, e.g.:

Reviewer: ```suggestion
[VITASDK](https://vitasdk.org/) toolchain must be installed, and the `VITASDK` environment variable must be set to its location, e.g.:
```

```sh
export VITASDK=/opt/vitasdk
```

> Add the following section to your projects `Cargo.toml`:

Reviewer: ```suggestion
Add the following section to your project's `Cargo.toml`:
```

```toml
[package.metadata.vita]
# A unique 9 character alphanumeric identifier of the app.
title_id = "RUSTAPP01"
# A title that will be used for the app. Optional, name will be used if not defined
title_name = "My application"
```

> To build vpk with elf in release mode run:

Reviewer: ```suggestion
To build a VPK with ELF in the release profile, run:
```

```sh
cargo vita build vpk --release
```

> After building a *.vpk file it can be uploaded and installed to PlayStation Vita or [Vita3K](https://vita3k.org/) emulator.

Reviewer: Uploaded where?

Author: Would that sound better:

```
After building a *.vpk file it can be uploaded and installed to PlayStation Vita or [Vita3K](https://vita3k.org/) emulator.

Author: I changed it to above and squashed all commits

Reviewer: Oh yeah, that makes sense.

## Testing

> The default Rust test runner is supported, and tests can be compiled to an elf and packed to a *.vpk file using `cargo-vita` tool. Running individual tests is not possible since passing cli arguments to the executable is not supported on Vita.

Reviewer: I think you might want to open an issue about this, since this sort of thing seems correctable and there's a T-testing now.

```suggestion
The default Rust test runner is supported, and tests can be compiled to an elf and packed to a *.vpk file using `cargo-vita` tool. Filtering tests is not currently supported since passing command-line arguments to the executable is not supported on Vita, so the runner will always execute all tests.
```
